DEVELOPMENT.md: set email to the one known to git (#1828)
dandi/dandi-archive: DEVELOPMENT.md

### Initial Setup
1. Run `docker-compose run --rm django ./manage.py migrate`
2. Run `docker-compose run --rm django ./manage.py createcachetable`
3. Run `docker-compose run --rm django ./manage.py createsuperuser --email $(git config user.email)`
   and follow the prompts to create your own user.

>    We set your username to your git email to ensure parity with how GitHub logins work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This sets your username to your git email to ensure parity with how GitHub logins work. You can also replace the command substitution expression with a literal email address, or omit the `--email` option entirely to run the command in interactive mode.
```
